Updates and fixes (#193)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/chainguard-enforce/chainguard-enforce-kubernetes/chainguard-enforce-policy-examples.md

> _This provides user onboarding for Chainguard Enforce. In order to follow the onboarding, you will need access to Chainguard Enforce. You can request access through selecting **Chainguard Enforce for Kubernetes** on the [inquiry form](https://www.chainguard.dev/get-demo?utm_source=docs)._

Chainguard Enforce for Kubernetes allows users to create their own security policies that they can enforce in their clusters. Here are a few example policies to help you get started. You can also review the [policy cataglogue](https://console.enforce.dev/policies/catalog) in the Chainguard Enforce Console. 

> You may also review the [Sigstore Policy Controller documentation](https://docs.sigstore.dev/policy-controller/overview), and in particular you may review how to admit images through the cluster image policy, review the Policy Controller [Admission of images documentation](https://docs.sigstore.dev/policy-controller/overview/#admission-of-images). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also review the [Sigstore Policy Controller documentation](https://docs.sigstore.dev/policy-controller/overview). In particular, we encourage you to review the Policy Controller documentation relating to the [Admission of images](https://docs.sigstore.dev/policy-controller/overview/#admission-of-images) to learn how to admit images through the cluster image policy.
```

This sentence just felt kind of long
